Content: I figured somebody might possibly like a thread where they will be able to post the random things on their mind, whether it's an idea, a simple thought, complex thoughts, problems... Anything they wish to share without criticism or judgement. Let's face it, writing down our thoughts, feelings, wisdom, etc., isn't the best thing to do because, although often personal, it disallows the communication with other humans we so desire (plus this saves the trees that we should be using to cut down on carbon dioxide, yet we instead cut them down).

I'll go first...

Why the hell is coming up with a random thought so difficult when you feel as though you're in the spotlight, yet you do it all the time when you don't feel pressured?

Also, hard nipples.

Content: If we get enough votes, I was hoping to get this thread stickied so INFJs can use it as a medium to vent and have quick access to it, instead of making individual threads. 

Anyways, if you're having a bad day or just want to yell to the four winds issues that have been frustrating you lately, this is the thread to do so.

 Of course, if you have specific issues that you would like our wise members of this board to help you out with, you're welcome to make your own thread for it.

Begin.

Content: They say a picture is worth a thousand words... And words are quite valuable, if you pick the right ones.

So, anyway, sometimes I glance through pictures of nature, picture of animals, pictures I drew, and pick out one that most reflects my current mood. It's a fun little activity that lets you show (not just tell) someone how you are feeling. Plus, it lets you get a little creative while looking at pretty pictures of things.

I figured since we have a thread about posting music that describes your mood, it might be fun. Feel free to explain as much or as little as you want about your picture selection. And of course, like a good INFJ, if someone is having a bad day, feel free to cheer them up with happy pictures, or words. 

I don't own any of the pictures I post, unless otherwise stated.

Alright, enough rambling. This is a picture that best describes my current mood:








I think this one is fitting. Seemingly peaceful and beautiful on the surface, but deep in the cavern-thing under the rock, it's a bit dark. I feel like there's a lot of stress hanging over me (like the giant rock), and I'm not quite sure why. I mean, life looks good right now (except for a few minor hiccups), but instead of enjoying the scenery, I feel trapped under a rock. :b Does that make sense?

Edit: Why is it so tiny? Here is a link to a bigger size: http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_2GNe2CrPp...kKWTcPM/s400/rock+outcropping+1++03-21-09.jpg

Content: I thought this would be a fun discussion to see what people say...

What are some clear signs that you're an INFJ??

Content: This will be a simple and easy way to get things off your chest without losing your cool or sounding like a whiny little piece cheese.  The purpose of this thread is for you to write letters to people or things that will never get to read them--sounds stupid?  

Probably.:dry: 

But at least you can say what needs to be said without being judged for the contents of your letter and have some anonymous person out there in the world actually give a damn.  :wink:

Also, I didn't want to limit this thread to only INFJs--but I have a feeling we'll need it the most. :crazy:  So be serious (or not)--just have fun with it, darlings!

I'll start:

Dear Smoothie Girl,

I think you might have slipped a bit of alcohol into my strawberry-banana smoothie--and although I cannot stand the taste or smell of liquor, I thank ye kindly for it and will smile extra nicely at you the next time we meet.  

Sincerely,
An INFJ

Content: Come post your poetry here, all other types welcome too .
One of mine to get things started..:

Feigning Masquerade
Joyous music fills the air,
and fills the ears with cold despair.
Sun and moon, side by side.
They chase one another, until the other hides.
A sun that never seems to rise,
and a moon only one can recognize.

The glow casts shadows in the dark.
Mountains tumble and break apart.
Ravens crow at distant turns,
of soulful clouds and glistening burns.
Chaotic thoughts and then she turns,
towards what time cannot erase,
and victory that she never tastes.

Scents trigger an image and lost times,
before those mountains she had to climb.
Sitting in shallows of mystic creeks,
not knowing what life holds and seeks.
Drifting away into hopeful fantasies
Constructed of bliss and serenities;
Filling her mind with thrashing seas.

Forgotten fortresses lurk behind
in the vast recesses of mind.
Dust covers books of wisdom and knowledge.
They lay on the crumbled and broken ledge.
Glittering flakes mar her hands,
the shouts, she does not understand,
and runs lost through the desolate land.

A wounded healer of timeless might.
Calling her out to fill with fright-
ful twisted lies, bring her to demise.
She hopes to fly among the clouds
climb atop and scream from the mound,
To tell the silent world she is here
but nothing ever seems to hear.

A vision beyond feasible means,
a cold recollection of bitter dreams.
The book of dust shakes the ground
Sudden light, she turns around.
Little wolf- at the moon it howls.
The clock strikes with a deepened scowl
and shrieks rupture from the ground.

Do not eat, do not sleep, do not even take a peek.
what lies behind the eyes of the blind,
is too much and little for the fragile of mind.
Among the waves crash the image.
Up from a frozen island, dredged,
an open wound that cannot mend
and fibers of being that do not bend.

Stand by, to what cannot rely
on visions that fill broken eyes.
An image so clear, rippling with honesty
A delight not captured, cannot break this calamity.
Shadow follows behind rays of light
Towers over in their undecipherable might.
Beings of whispers lurk in the night.

Of ghostly wails, of scarring tales.
Of what the fiendish monster hailed.
A speech, is what the voiceless preach.
All light no chains, just out of reach.
No shackles no warriors no boasting saints.
Nothing that makes the strong hearted faint.
The silent sirens of souls, all have a taint.

Do not try to fix the completely broken,
for their fragile hearts are not open.
Dunes of light, of ever-precious insight,
All of them lies, a feigning of all sight.
Wearing masks on the abandoned stage,
Melodious words fill the masquerade.

Content: So we've done some INFJ videos and had a thread on INFJ eyes.... lets see if there is a trend in appearance of INFJs in photos.  Because we all know that a picture is worth a thousand words. :wink:

Playing around with my macbook....









With an SJ friend...









No makeup...









A few weeks ago when I went to starbucks after work...

Content: This thread will serve the function of finding old stickies that were here before the update.

http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/496-rarity-male-infjs.html

http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/18271-i-am-infj-insert-here.html

http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/13435-infj-fashion.html

http://personalitycafe.com/infj-for...-you-stereotypically-visually-image-infj.html

http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/14721-infjs-amazing.html

http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/3568-infj-stereotypes.html

http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/59416-gently-honest-mistype-revelation-thread.html

http://personalitycafe.com/infj-for...ject-inserted-sincerely-personality-type.html

http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/106850-infj-porn.html

http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/10081-personal-infj-videos.html

http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/51932-infj-map.html

http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/532-infjs-famous-person-list.html

http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/106435-gargantuan-list-infj-enneagram-types.html

http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/302434-obituary-tribute-infjs.html

Content: It's interesting that alot of people chalk this up to the INFJ simply being a coward, or being obsessed at people pleasing 

INFJs prefer to avoid conflict because of the empathetic nature of our Fe.  We don't try and avoid conflict simply just for the sake of harmony or to please people.  We try to avoid it to protect ourselves.

What people don't understand is that as INFJs, we feel everything.  Not only do we feel our emotions,  we feel your emotions too.  When there is conflict, not only do we have to deal with our own strong emotions, we also have to deal with absorbing and feeling your emotions as well.  This is like being in a boxing fight, and while you are taking damaging blows from your competitor, you are always feeling in your own body every blow that you land on him.  That is the reality of conflict through an INFJ.  On the outside for most it may appear as cowardice or people pleasing, but it is anything but.  Avoiding conflict is simply a survival mechanism.  

If an INFJ chooses to engage in conflict,  then something must have really pushed them over the edge.  Because for us getting into a fight or conflict is twice as intense as it is for most people.

Content: OK, so i tried to get some ideas on the debate forum and it didnt end well so i thought id ask here

so this term in Modern History we have been studying the arab-israeli conflict which interests me greatly

so what i would like is to get peoples opinions on the topic, who they believe the purpetrator is or if they both are, personal bias and why, and if you have any good sites or books that i could have a look at that are minimally bias or if not find two wildly bias scripts from both sides

also can i get if you feel comforatable your faith and country so i can get a general idea of worldly bias and beliefs/opinions on the subject and whether secular or non secular followings change this 

thanks guys ^^

extra questions
1: do you guys believe that the US would really blow up jerusalem and what sort of implications do you believe would surround it:

2: what sort of religeous and political backlash do you believe would follow such an attack?

3: how do you believe the problem should be solved?

4: should there be a demilitarised zone between the two nations guarded by a neutral force?

5: should both countries be forced to have military caps?

Content: It seems INFJs (on paper at least) are not necessarily well suited for military life. I was curious if there are some INFJs who could share their military experiences and whether or not it was a good fit for them. 

*I'm currently a Cadet at USMA, and will commission in a few years as an Army Officer. So far, I've thrived in what many view as a harsh environment and I'm eager to dive headfirst and continue my military career. Was wondering if there are other INFJs with similar experiences. Thanks!

Content: Feel Free to Share your Own

Misconceptions - The INFJ stare is not blank.  I know this image is just a meme,  there might be Ni in this stare, but it lacks Fe.  It is not an INFJ stare.  This image is not an INFJ stare either.  There might be Fe in that stare, but it lacks Ni. 

INFJ stares are a combination of Ni and Fe.  Ni gives the stare it's soul searching look, and Fe gives the stare it's hint of warmth and empathy.  It's this rare combination that makes INFJ stares stand out.  If a stare does not have both of these, then it is not an INFJ stare.

I think the reason why people find this stare so startling is more then just it's rarity.  The Ni/Fe combo is like a one two punch.  Most people are either use to someone's face being sad, or trying to read them, etc.  One thing at a time.  But with an INFJ stare, we are simultaneously reading them with Ni AND absorbing and feeling their emotions with Fe.  It can come off as very intrusive.  It's like we opened a gateway into their mind - and they had no say about it.  That's why people feel uncomfortable with these types of stares from strangers.  People in relationships with INFJs say they like these stares, but its a totally different deal with a stranger.

Content: This really eats at me sometimes.  I love people, yet I feel so disconnected from them.  It's like everyone's style of communication is a different language that I just can't speak or understand.  Sometimes I try to listen to the conversations of other people, and it's like they are speaking a different language.  

I think a big reason why we feel like outsiders is that we crave only deep connections and deep conversations.  Most people on Earth have numerous shallow connections and a few deep connections with others, and carry many shallow and few deep conversations with others. 

We simply cannot do surface level, which is the bread and butter of most communication in this world.

If you look at the three most common types, ISTJ, ISFJ, and ESFJ, they are either Si dom or aux.  Majority rules.  So most casual conversations typically revolve around discussing Si.  Where is Si in an INFJ function stack?  Yeah, 8/8.  Dead last.  We want to talk about things our Ni discovered or how people are doing with Fe.  That's usually way too deep for casual conversations.  We have no interest in discussing Si, but it's what the most common types talk about.

There's nothing we INFJs can do about this.  It's not something certain types did wrong, or something we did wrong.  It's simply the result of being in the minority, and how we are built.

I hate feeling so disconnected.  I hate being in a room of dozens of people only to feel so disconnected like I'm completely alone that I might as well be in another dimension.

We will always feel like this.

My advice?  Try your best to accept that you are different.  Understand there is nothing wrong with you.  Even then it's difficult, because your probably like me, and you wish you could fit in and connect with others better.

Even then, it's still going to hurt feeling so different.  It's even worse because of how perceptive we are, so we truly gasp how different we are compared to others much more then most people.

Maybe if we work hard to find that one person we can have a strong close connection with, we wouldn't feel so sad.

Content: I took a restaurant job that was 1/4th of what I make so I can keep searching for a job in my career field. I am now keenly aware of why I shouldn’t take a job that requires high use of my least used cognitive function: exterior sensing. What job was the biggest mismatch for you, INFJs?


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk

Content: I'm not old, i'm young.

Or the contrary, reinforcing: is it possible not to ? Meaning, on a personal level, i have persuaded myself, not answering the first question by the second there, that "truth" in bypassing the product of emotion as it doesn't seem to be related anymore to the true feeling of truth as a compass of discussion outside of it, by that, is what i've resumed in not liking it anymore, as in this actual form it does to me reciprocally. This reverse is not accepted anymore by people who "talk truth", since by compareason they resumed themselves in liking it while in the first place i know for sure i never ever did.
From anywhere it comes truth is becoming to me like a self-harassment object (and you got me, its contrary), which paradoxically, if it has not been "thought" of outside of its truthful acceptability, let's call it really for what it is; unability to feel the good in doing to be safely seen by accepting the feeling itself of its existence, of what it means really and not not really, killing that false safety and giving paradoxically its inexistence to the good; is not accepted anymore as a project: like, somewhat, thought is in the history of human existence, a heretic one really, only that, accusating the oh so inferior inventive instinct of emotion which is just our very modal existence i believe. So yeah, like repent in all sort of expressions before being somewhat killed by the oh so universal truthful discussion, just always so freakin' tiring, just because the emotion itself is just never believed to lead to a somewhat more truthful i have to say emotional truth.
I believe life applies on life, as it means there that our existence is NOT composed of our most truthful expressions but by coming first to our own emotional presence on which we don't repent, but by which we Redempt. By wanting to see, we don't... And so on. Why do we have to construct the image of "wanting to see" in favor of not, just there, the image of personal, past, but against real human invention, repentence ? Falsely past, because invention itself has two lives: those are not those we want, it's a lie, one of those people, mainly and trully high thinking types who see intentional superiority in seeing the All-Kind Truth as an inventive mask because the fact is that they don't want themselves to link old and young in human marketability. That's what they don't want: invention that doesn't want itself, and not the contrary to exactly that. I'd call that moreso like a loss of present future, period.
Following.

But maybe it's just an affair of being a pro-social autist (burk). I don't think so: people who don't Really like truth in all kinds, those ones, can come finally much closer to those in turn who don't anymore, like me.
Generally-speaking INFJs with their inferior Se i think can adopt the Ni-Se (which i imagine is a very difficult thing to achieve and is wholly part of the deseeded soil-subject there) shift by discussing that i think, even if i think personally that it comes from it, assuming you got me, that it comes from ENFJs's only because of their inferior Ti.
Just that.


Edit: The perfectibility of expressions pushes us towards repentence (false). And so on. I profoundly dislike the truths that others don't know of. And so on, again.
How can people make sense into not making sense ? They repent. And likely otherwise they redempt themselves.
My main inspiration for this claim as i can recognize it in all ends is contained (or not) in the philosophy of Philipp Mainlander, mainly 🫢. I mean, he's like the only ace in the hole of philosophy (western) i can think of, aside Machiavelli second (which would be more eastern i only dare guessing).

Content: Everyone knows and loves (okay, maybe not loves) the INFJ Doorslam™.

We also are known for "shutting down" and withdrawing into ourselves when the world becomes too much.

Do any of you ever feel like you experience something that is not quite a doorslam, but more like a mini-shutdown that can be specific to one person or group of people?  Perhaps this person in particular is overwhelming you, or a situation with them has become too stressful.  You do not necessarily need to withdraw from everyone/everything, but you do need to limit or eliminate input from this one person/group on a temporary basis.

It can be interpreted as a doorslam by sensitive people, but I usually know when I am cutting a person out for good versus when I am simply pulling away from them for a while.  A "personal shutdown" can, however, lead to a doorslam if the party in question does not respect my need for space.  It could possibly function as a "test" for whether a person will honor your boundaries or flood you with unwanted attention instead.  For me, this has been the last splinter in the door before I actually slammed it in one or two cases.  Most people, however, come back from a "personal shutdown."

Does this make sense to anyone else?

Content: description of your personality on summary

Content: Can you be so detached ? How ? ->❌
Can i ? Why ? ->✔

If we would be only going from place to place, if we were to never stop, and to never admit that by itself, we should requalify whatever we call the "Me" as absolutely inoperant to tell whatever really is going on. The "Me" is telling everything that he, by itself, doesn't at all: think of a storm, that's the real "Me" that goes from place to place, could he be that storm, if he was not to be detached, lost in the first place, if he was not to conjure himself by whatever "storms" in his way, that he doesn't romanticize himself to be of "his" origin, that he wouldn't be able himself to direct himself into the way of that storm ? That "Me" doesn't exists.

That's where technology comes with romanticization, absolute attachment to the origin of the "Me", he, he storms into all those places which he wouldn't have gone to before its origin. "Is it bad ?", would you ask ? We storm away, we see progress: not that in the material way, be it remained untouched, we don't ourselves towards it. If, by compareason, i would be attached to it, sentimentally and commonly speaking, i know for sure it wouldn't exist in this way; and, if, IF, technology comes in the forefront of it, i sure wouldn't be able to see it at all anywhere on Earth.

Dot.

Content: I posted this in the ESTP forum for their perspective, but I would also love to hear from fellow INFJs on this. I am very confused about this relationship.


I have never considered a relationship with an ESTP before because we are just so different, but WOAH! What is this infj / estp thing?

Context: he's late 40s and I'm late 30's. I'm infj, and he's ESTP.

We were friends for a few years and spoke every few days about our mutual career -  i've always been very fond of him but he's overly social and I never thought of him in a romantic way because we are so very vert different. Honestly, I always thought he was a bit of a player because he was at social events always, he's very good looking, he has many women who are friends with him, and I haven't known him to have any long term relationships over 2 years.

9 months ago after discovering I was single, he started flirting with me. I didn't respond initially because it felt quite surface level. He focused a lot on my looks and I felt it was a bit too sexualised - so I backed away from it and shut it down. Much to my surprise, he contacted me a week later very bluntly telling he would not allow me to run away from this and that we needed to talk, and we did... for hours. He confessed that he had wanted me romantically since the moment we met, but he never pursued it because I was in a relationship.

I was very honest about how I wasn't interested in something casual with him and that for that reason, I shut it down. He responded that he feels a deep intellectual and emotional connection with me and that the sexual aspect is only one part that he's interested in. He told me he wanted a relationship with me, not something casual, and that we were going to navigate this together (his communication ability is insanely sexy).

So I decided to give it a shot. And, OMG. Since the very first night I agreed to go on a date with him, it has been CRAZY off the charts chemistry, connection and passion and fun and amazing friendship and laughter and happiness. We spend nearly all day bantering back and forth together and the sexual connection is other worldly.

We have not said "i love you's", but last week (he was a bit drunk) he told me;

1. He's never felt this way before and he doesn't know what I have done to 'bewitch him' so fully
2. That he had given up on ever finding 'his person' but I was right under his nose all along.
2. And, that he has no doubt that we will be spending the rest of our lives together.

I was very taken aback by his 'confessions' because I know he is not emotionally expressive usually, and he's also very serious with his words - he prides himself on his honesty and integrity.He has never wanted to marry anyone before, and he's never said this to any past relationship person.

But it is VERY sexual. It feels very intense very soon. He tells me 24/7 how beautiful and sexy I am. He is very focused on my body and my looks. He's very focused on what I wear and how feminine I am. I am freaking out that it's some sort of infatuation and that he's wrong about his feelings for me.
He doesn't ask me many questions about my life, and when I asked him why he didn't, he said he has been observing me for years and knows more about me than I realise. I asked him what he knows about me and he gave me a huge long synopsis about my (very hidden) personality and he was 100% accurate. He is so intuitive. Is this normal for an ESTP? He is SO GOOD at working me out which has NEVER happened before.

Also, he is involved in a lot of social groups and is busy all of the time, he wants me to go to them with him but I am an introvert and have a very busy life so I don't.
While he's at the events, he still texts me several times saying he's thinking of me, i'm so beautiful, etc, and then when he gets home I have 100% of his attention, but it seems like his social events always come first.

Not sure what is happening here. Everything seems so conflicting. Any advice much appreciated.

Content: Hello!  I am 18 and currently about to enter my third academic year at a university.  My major is English and, like most INFJs and many English majors, I keep flip-flopping on what I would like to pursue career-wise.  

Back in my seventh grade civics class-- which was taught by a spunky older southern lady who sang songs about the government and told stories of her adventures on the nude beaches of France-- I decided for a short period of time that I would like to become a lawyer.

Now, after being convinced for years that I would become a Literature professor, my mind keeps venturing back to the idea of a legal profession.  Reading and writing will always be my passions, but something about the idea of teaching literature in a college setting doesn't quite scream "I'm helping people" enough for me.  

Now, I know what many people may be thinking: most lawyers are just after the money, even if their work is unethical.  I am only interested in Criminal law (and maybe Environmental Law, but I have little knowledge on the field), and I am only interested in becoming a district attorney-- that is, I would be working for the government to prosecute the criminals and fight for the victims.  It is the whole "justice for victims" notion that really grabs me.  This is the kind of law that I (think) I would feel good about doing.  Of course, there are times where the defendant is actually innocent, which troubles me greatly; however, I do not know how likely this is to happen, assuming that the district attorney's office only takes on cases with a wealth of evidence.  

I feel I have a knack for problem-solving, a way with untangling words, a drive for doing right, and a persuasive presence under structured settings.  I have never heard of an INFJ attorney, however, and I always second-guess if I know what's best for myself.  Am I just unrealistically striving to be like Marcia Clark? (who, I know, lost the case and was scrutinized for months-- but she still fought with everything in her for justice).  Will my Feeling trait make me too susceptible to the harsh realities of law?  

Any opinions on the matter of INFJs as prosecutors would be greatly appreciated!

Content: I had high hopes for an INTP-INFJ relationship possibility, however now I'm deciding against it.  I'm interested in knowing your thoughts.

Pros: Countless, from my point of view at least, and some from the point of view of the INFJ.

Cons (from the INTP's point of view): 

- INFJs seem to be interested in INTPs, but they also easily get distracted and forget they were interested.  This seems to be because INFJs are easily swayed by everyone.  This is another reason why INTPs like them - they listen to us.  But in the end INFJs only listen to INTPs because they listen to everyone who sounds convincing and this means anyone can sway them whichever way.  Which means that there is no security for the INTP.  None at all. And there never will be.  Because it's not our job to keep wasting our time trying to convince you to stay with us.

Cons (from the INFJ POV): 


(Fill in the blanks, I don't really care).
INTPs are great, but they don't have what this other girl has.  Or what that one has.  Or what the other one has.

Cons (from the INFJ POV regarding type XXXX):


(Fill in the blanks, I don't really care).
XXXXs are great, but they don't have what this other girl has.  Or what that one has.  Or what the other one has.

I wonder how an INFJ feels when they get doorslammed?

Content: The idea for this was brought up a few days ago. 
The notion was received well, so I figured I'd get us started.

Here is a thread for general relationship questions for INFJs! All types may post here. Hopefully, this thread will soon be a repository of knowledge and opinion, for all who stumble across it to examine and learn from.

Examples:
"What pros/cons might there be in a XXXX/INFJ relationship?"
"Which aspects of a XXXX might an INFJ appreciate the most?"
"Here is my personal situation with an INFJ relationship... any tips on how to handle it?"
"Please help me understand... why are you guys so awesome/frustrating/nuts/etc. in relationships?"
...and so forth!

INFJs, feel free to respond and/or post your own advice and personal experience on how to approach and/or care for our ever-complex type. After all, we tend to be quite the romantics...

Thanks, everyone!

Content: Well I recently started watching hannibal the tv series and what surprised me is that the main character is portraying a quintessential INFJ, probably an INFJ in it's purest form (that being, he is too INFJ for the regular INFJ lol). I found it extremely interesting seeing his character, especially when he was analysed by Hannibal Lecter in the first encounter (Who I believe to be ENFJ).

(Gonna have to add two videos so you can see the whole scene)





" Will: Tasteless.
Hannibal: Do you have trouble with taste?
Will: My thoughts are often not tasty.
Hannibal: Nor mine. No effective barriers.
Will: I build forts.
Hannibal: Associations come quickly.
Will: So do forts.
Hannibal: Not fond of eye contact, are you?
Will: Eyes are distracting you see too much, you don’t see enough. And-And it’s hard to focus when you’re thinking, um, “Oh, those whites are really white”, or, “He must have hepatitis”, or, “Oh, is that a burst “vein?” So, yeah, I try to avoid eyes whenever possible. Jack?
Jack: Yes?
Hannibal: I imagine what you see and learn touches everything else in your mind. Your values and decency are present yet shocked at your associations, appalled at your dreams. No forts in the bone arena of your skull for things you love.
Will: Whose profile are you working on? Whose profile is he working on?
Hannibal: I’m sorry, Will. Observing is what we do. I can’t shut mine off any more than you can shut yours off.
Will: Please, don’t psychoanalyze me. You won’t like me when I’m psychoanalyzed.
Jack: Will.
Will: Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have to go give a lecture on psychoanalyzing.
Jack: Maybe we shouldn’t poke him like that, Doctor. Perhaps a less, uh, direct approach.
Hannibal: What he has is pure empathy. He can assume your point of view, or mine, and maybe some other points of view that scare him. It’s an uncomfortable gift, Jack.
Jack: Hum.
Hannibal: Perception’s a tool that’s pointed on both ends. This cannibal you have him getting to know I think I can help good Will see his face."

Really amazing, never seen Ni as a dominant function in relation to Fe, Ti analysed so well.

Content: I'm an INFJ and I just read this description of what the eight function does:

"8. Devilish/Demon/Daimon - destructive to ourselves and others, undermines, often erupts violently; distorts trust in relationships, promotes chaos"

I'm a little confused about how we use Si to be destructive to ourselves.  The only thing I can think of is that it can be really hard to let go of the past sometimes, especially traumatic or hurtful events.  I guess I tend to hold on to negative things and brush off positive things that happen if I'm in a bad place in my life, but is that Si in a negative form?

Content: There's this gap in discerning whether my Ni idealization fits with the Se reality, and oftentimes it falls apart, leading to disappointment because of the unrealistic vision of the grandeur.

Living mostly in the head leads to such troubles, such as constant assumptions, overthinking, and hopeful idealism. It's as if the world is not my world, but rather, a dangerous place I occupy time to time. The internal world, the "real" one, often overexaggerates the information it receives, and this could be a double-edged word.

At the positive note, it has a highly sensitive sensor towards information, resulting in abundant surplus of value from scarce sources of information. At the other, it led to a false, and at times, dangerous conclusions.

Let's give a couple examples:
1. Assumptions
I tend to assume things, especially about other people's action, behavior, and thought patterns according to the experiences and fuzzy intuition. This can lead to negative thinking, and certain paranoia (enneagram 6) where perception mismatches with reality.

2. Unrealistic Ideals of Fantasy
In order to cope, I had an inclination to rely on certain idealization. Those visions of idealization often misses its trajectory, because of certain "empty" information or wrong conclusions. This led to constant disappointment with the real world, accompanied by "hopeful" fantasies where it's a back and forth between hope and disappointment. At times, it even manipulates objects and subjects to match with those ideals.

These phenomenons of mine are probably caused by mixtures of factors, such as overreliance on abstract theoretical framework, suboptimal coping mechanism, fear of taking action, and inefficient mindset.

Requiring assistance:
I need your help in order for me to better evolve and adapt with the real world, especially regarding perception x reality mismatching, because no matter what I do, I always have an inclination towards hopeful idealism, abstract overprocessing, and assumptive paranoia.

Thanks in advance.

Content: Hi! Female INFJ here.

I recently started doing online dating apps. It started great at first but I had trouble connecting with men. I'm not sure if it was my problem or theirs. I realized I'm reluctant to bridge personal topics, so my conversational starters are often about their work, faith/religion, or some intellectual discussions which I enjoy by the way. I'm also very serious, and not very "upbeat" and "sweet". And since most guys there don't ask questions first, I subconsciously take the lead to keep the convo going but it never lasts long. Most of them end up not continuing the conversation and leaving on last reply which, if you are like me, is equal to a "not interested" and I'm not really invested to push for it. Or I stop talking with them because I don't feel the mutual interest to keep the conversation going since they don't really try that much.

Have you had similar experiences?

Content: I feel my best when I can engage in all my functions, especially Fe. It can be tempting to be stuck with Ni-Ti over analysis that tend to go nowhere.

Now, when I do some self-expression, or something emotional related, it could be writing, improving emotional atmosphere, a loose and enjoyable company, that's where I felt really happy. Of course, this is a conclusion based on theory, and all humans need this, but even then, I find this really euphoric. For the sake of theory, though, it's me engaging with Fe.

Sure, this Ni-Ti's "Aha moment" are transcending, but it can be enhanced further when it could be applied, and validated through Fe as its output channel.

However, I've been unhealthy most of the time, especially with anxiety and doubts. And Ni-Ti, or basically just my introverted state, when stuck for too long, could be really unethical and irritable.

I want to "go out there and have fun without limiting myself".

Let's say, theoretically, my Fe-Se are starving, but realistically, I need more goddamn "enjoyable" social interaction where I can be myself without having to limit myself (fear). Because, like, 80% of my social interactions in college is just me putting a mask. Let's say, my CS major is full of NT's and I have to put in "logical facade" and to compete (Ni-Ti focus)

Anyway, I digress. Writing is a good start, but when it comes to real life social interactions, street smarts, public speaking, I'm just a toddler lmao. How to improve Fe overall, and to engage with complete immersion? My biggest problem always lies in fear, especially hesitation, due to "superego" audience judgmental criticism.

Content: Hi fellow INFJs, I just thought I’d post here because I’ve been feeling like maybe noone would understand me quite like INFJs.

I was working a remote job recently that paid really well but it felt like I was losing my soul. For some reason I started feeling depressed like every day was the same and at one point recently I even told my mother “I’m not sure why I’m living anymore.”

Well a few weeks later I got laid off with no warning along with many other people at my company. And have been feeling down on myself ever since wondering why I was chosen to be part of the layoff when everyone said my performance was amazing. The job market right now has also been a bit tough… Lots of rejections and jobs that offer alot less than I was previously making.

I’ve been feeling like I just want to sleep 24/7 and escape this world that feels too crazy/unstable for me. I don’t even remember what I enjoy doing for fun and I have no motivation. So I was just wondering… Can anyone relate to these depressed feelings and give any advice on how to become “alive” and hopeful again?

I’d appreciate any advice so much

Content: It will be a bit long again.

The default of the professionalized betrayal, from one to one, it was never believed really for what it was, places members of the lost upper middle-class into the hands of autonomous physical welfare of what then was never for sure their problem "to govern" (it just isn't): they confuse hobbying and leveling the high-ground, when generally close to exceptional individuals in their symbolic attributes coming from "lower" middle-class environments which grew into a truer period of depopularization of academic benches all came to them as better inquisitive ground for better employment of their life force to be able to learn by living through the societal judgements towards the specifying of love relationships for example, or worklife, ancestral entrepreneurship, group law-making, blunt stochastization of income and outcome poverty..., to oppose with the greatest care to, well, what could simply be less inclined to make such people in turn. What these people learnt from, primarily, by the default itself of its requirement, was themselves first, and the rest followed. Whatever which is now physicalize in the very practice of their academically-learnt decisions, en coulisse arguments, negatiotated pre-delegations, professional forcings, amiable compromises and given returns, indeed, was rightfully to never be. Physical environments are by themselves obligatorily aculturally-driven: they are there to serve the mental welfare in the cultural sense, outside of reaching systems of what Jean-Jacques Rousseau called obligation to oppose to necessity; imaginary against felicitative as to what is a society of men coming from the separated conjunction of these two categories. They are really what is the closer to "culture" is deemed to be by the people themselves, that of which the desacralized actual upper middle-class opposes its notion of diversity through moving themselves outside of more popular cultural learnings, preaches and functions through boredom in the sole hope of regaining the upper hand over whatever permitted the arising of these good misses and gentlemen, come to invest more and more the trust towards acultural methods of popular, strictly mental i dare say, more worldly, felicitative mode of being under that notion: they in all, refuse obligation, that on which they cut short by specializing themselves in newly-sought positions of leadership for roles which don't need them, they preach more and more the trend of usable insanity to react to any pushes for "unstable", so-called deviant mentality; in fact more really a search for cultural abundance, that which almost never answers so well for whomever in turn would respond better in the "here to" of precedent work she misses. One category then lands there, which in his own right, is wholefully physical, trully (revocably) organized culturally, and an other is sadly more atuned to work at their expense at an acultural rythm as an organism of "results" of which, well, the first would in turn answer much more well and freely so.

From an unrevendicated pro-social autist.


(+little clarifying note of the aspect: these organisms would be the same or they would be not)

Content: I feel like my case is clear. To be an ISFJ seems like to be the ultimate way to be down-to-earth and not dwell on senseless shores as my intuition suggests. I admire ISFJs to the core. Sweet-hearted, a helping-hand by nurture is in their nature. I as an INFJ do not seems as humble as them. I have strong opinions that lead to nowhere. I am daydreaming all day long. Stuffed with irrational fears and nowhere to go in my heart. I am asking question, knowing they are pointless. ISFJs do not feel so lonely, because they are satisfied with little from the start. Our Ni Function is our very own doom. It is an consciousness that is always aware. It has become more aware of the awareness itself.
ISFJs are more part of the world, in the world. They experience the human experience in simplest of terms. They take action in purer forms, while my actions are layered in semantics, in intentions, in meaning.

I don't know how to explain. But XSFJs are blessed. They do not look behind every curtain, every leave. I look at their faces and a sadness of a life I want to live overcomes me. INFJs just know too much. I am an alien, but they are human. I just want to be normal. I want to forget everything.

Content: My [ENFP] boyfriend [INFJ] broke up with me because I exhausted him. Should I do no contact or should I continue to show him I care and am willing to work things out?

We dated for almost 2 years. I met him through mutual friends when he was visiting a city I was living in for a few days. I knew he was interested in me but he was super shy towards me at first so I approached him. We hung out a couple times alone during his visit and we instantly clicked. My intuitions told me that he is someone I’m compatible with. His intuition told him the same thing. After his trip ended, he came back in the following month and visited me a couple times even though where I lived was 1200km away. He was so passionate and wasn’t afraid to be himself around me, and I was the same towards him. After 3 months of visiting each other and talking every day, he decided to make things official between us. Everything was great, we were super happy to have found each other. We have similar values and goals in life. 

7 months into our relationship, I lost my job in that city and I decided to move to his city to be with him. We spent every day together during that time. 10 months into our relationship was when things started going downhill. We started fighting a lot more and couldn’t seem to agree on much. I have a fearfully avoidant attachment style and I have a tendency to run away from my emotions. I started not reciprocating the love he was showing me. He would try every day to make me happy with the little things that he does, he was super patient with me when I got upset. As time went on, he kept loving me the same way but I didn’t always reciprocate the love to him. He voiced his frustrations of not feeling appreciated and loved enough by me multiple times throughout that dark period in our relationship but I was too stuck in my head to take it seriously. During this time, I was still unemployed so I eventually moved back to my home town, 300km away from where he lives. He was supportive of my decision and came to visit me frequently. We’d text every day and he would tell me things that he loved about me to reassure me. I wasn’t reciprocating consistently, I kept pushing him away and eventually he broke up with me.

The break up was amicable and respectful. He was honest about his feelings and what led to it. He felt that he wasn’t being understood because I wasn’t reciprocating the love he gave me enough. He told me he’s exhausted from giving me so much but not receiving the same amount back. He felt the relationship was unbalanced. At the time of the break up, he said he still loves me very much though he said that we should keep our contact to the minimum. A few days after the break up, he reached out and told me he missed me. During the , I went through a deep phase of self reflection and I realized that I was the reason it happened. I pushed him to that point because I was afraid of being vulnerable. After coming to the realization that my walls were built up too high, I tried to reconcile things with him. I drove to his city to speak with him in person and I owned up to all my mistakes and apologized for everything I did that hurt him. I told him I regret having let that happen. My issue is vulnerability and I will work on myself to be more vulnerable.

He was understanding and forgave me for my mistakes, but he said that he’s too emotionally drained to continue the relationship at this time and he needed to recharge his battery. At first I tried to reassure him by offering to help him do that but he said he can’t right now. He said that he is open to trying again in the future. There are things we both need to work on for ourselves at the moment but he’s not eliminating the chance of us crossing paths again. He said he’s open to continue talking to me but I’ve seen so many break up advice that advocates for the “no contact rule”.

I’m wondering what’s the best course of action for me if I want him back? We both have space to work on ourselves because we are living in separate cities at the moment so the chances of us running into each other is quite low. The only way for us to stay in contact would be through text messages. Should I stay in contact with him? And if I do, how would I go about showing him that I’ve been working on myself?

I would love to hear from INFJs on how you would like me to approach this if you were in his position. Thank you!

Content: Those doses and takes altogether come in one to never make one believe he ever approach them by himself: that's what he believed as far his pattern of self-love was in the domain of utility to have only its effect on self-esteem, he got himself all round-up against its gratuity, be it the sole element of himself he confused impersonally with their autonomous presentability. For example, in the same vein of separation, one chooses his line of work, well, in which he "works", studying it, and the other is "simply" more of the work than it is akin to study. He goes pythagorician with it: he studies most firstly by the name and number of all things he wants to consider in his line, same thing, and if he was not to be he concentrates on whatever does not the same as he does. He goes way above that problem, and, as he goes down again for good, he reached his method: he is apt to discover he never trully wanted both conclusions. That's his future isn't it, aloud as another's more normalistic piece of work. He is now absolutely sure that whatever he wanted as not part of his future was to go against his of doing so in that sense.
Otherwise. An unconsumable dose of reality is a take on one's future: it is profoundly unreconciliable. One goes through end up exiting with two futures. If i come to really fear it for what it is against what it might not be at all, then add one of them for each possibility. This does end up into imaginatively unconsequent and unreconciliable but each time separated whole which doesn't bend onto the force of any existent future, and in turn onto one deriving from its impossibility to exist, to complement itself an impossible breakthrough coming from an only possible unreconciliability.
The uselessness of whatever goes against those doses and takes is not even of the pattern of its unpresentability, and so forth. Contrarily, one's self-hate is not to be reconciliable with any normalities of a piece of work if be it going to the recognizing of this pattern, and so on. Open wide the gates after having closed them, yes. Don't close them off after having opened them out wide.

Content: Alright, here we go for a thread dedicated to classical music! @Gotterdammerung, @Dissenter, @Paulie, and @odinthor, thank you all for the great discussions so far, and for this idea!  

Everyone is very welcome, and so is anything classical music related--from sharing videos to typing musicians and anything else you can think of!  Enjoy!

I'll start things off with a nice video of the Brandenburg concerti, which takes place in the lovely Teatro alla Scala with violinist Giuliano Carmignola and conductor Claudio Abbado.

Content: Hi all.

I recently split from a partner because she accused me of being selfish for going on a hike alone even after inviting her.

The second time I went on a hike alone I invited her twice and even offered to change the time I left to fit in better with her schedule. She said she was worried I would abandon my wife and children (which we are not and do not have yet).

She also expressed in the past that “self care” and “boundaries” were inherently selfish things and that she felt uncomfortable with them.

She comes from a religiously twisted and manipulative/controlling environment so I eventually got the point and left. She has untangling to do.

I sacrificed a lot for the relationship and she truly didn’t have to sacrifice much. Friends repeatedly told me as much. I didn’t realize it until they pointed it out too.

In wake of the fallout I’ve been trying to understand what allows marriages and long term relationships to work. There is a common thread of selflessness balanced with independence and autonomy as an individual… but where is the line between autonomy as an individual and being selfish?
In a relationship context… is it actually selfish to go do something on your own even if your partner denies your invites or attempts to work with their schedule? Is selfishness even an applicable word for this kind of scenario? I never once felt that way about a partner going and doing something on their own without me… I’ve always encouraged it!

Thoughts?

Content: So there is a thread called ENFP Porn: Thought I'd start one here.

It seems to be just a thread of ENFP "Stuff". THIS of course means that THIS thread should hypothetically be filled w/ nothing but huggy-face-kissy-bear stuff w/ the occasional love-humanity-hate-people-quandary. :kitteh:

Content: Are there any Christian INFJs here, and if so, what has been your experience? How did you end up following Jesus? And what is the thing you tend to struggle with more than anything else?

Content: Is anybody here into astrology? 

While I see many people typing the Capricorn personality as XSTJ I disagree with this. I believe they best represent the INFJ. Capricorns are called "old souls." They are considered very wise and have a melancholic aura to them. They are said to be very mature as children and become youthful in spirit as they age. This all sounds INFJ. Capricorn would also correlate to enneagram type 1 which is one of the most common INFJ enneagram types. Many say Scorpio would be INFJ but I think Scorpio is way too anti-social, erotic and undisciplined to be an INFJ. Yes Scorpio's definitely use Ni but the amount of paranoia and insanity they exhibit is more characteristic of Ni that is in the tertiary or inferior position. Scorpio's are XSTP's in my opinion. Capricorns are said to be very compatible with Scorpios. Could this be the XNFJ/XSTP shadow dynamic at work?

Half the descriptions I read make Capricorns out to be these hard headed CEO's which sounds STJ but those descriptions are too superficial. The following gives more insight into a Cap and sounds very INFJ especially in the bolded places:




Many astrologers consider Capricorn to be the most enigmatic and mysterious sign of the zodiac. All of the cardinal signs indicate seats of power and in a creature with the forelimbs of a goat attached to the tail of a fish, the abyss of the ocean is combined with mountainous terrain. This represents a 'cross of matter' between the psyche and its manifestation in the material, drawing the soul out of its collective stupor to confront the challenges of reality and individualism. The ocean, besides symbolizing primordial roots, relates to instinctive wisdom, secrets, and knowledge that lies buried within the depths of consciousness. Capricorn, bearing only the tail of an aquatic creature, keeps a head that is free from impressionable thought - at a rational level Capricorns are affected only by what they can define through logic and reasoned assessment, but unconsciously, spiritually and emotionally they draw from the deep. This is a sign that is anything but shallow and superficial; beneath the Capricorn's cool, reserved and calculating exterior lies a profound resource of emotional strength, psychic resilience and earthy endurance. The recognizable character traits of the sign reveal compulsion, dedication and perseverance in its aims and interests. Capricorns may not impress others by their motivation but neither do they seek the easy approval or widespread attention of others. Their ambitions - in relationships, career and personal growth - are rooted in an 'inner' motivation that runs too deep to be easily shaken. Their strengths (and their faults) are based upon the qualities of stamina, fortitude, staying power and survival. Some see the Capricorn's scaly tail as that of the sea-serpent, a creature of 'old knowledge', wise in matters of the occult and offering a potential for understanding beyond limited, earthly experience. Capricorns are known for being 'older than their years' and those who take up the study of mysteries and traditions gravitate towards a masterly knowledge of their craft just as the business minded Capricorn will gravitate towards the managerial position. Mastery and power are the understated keywords of this sign. Even the earthy aspect of the goat is frequently underestimated in its potential for symbolising hidden reserves of strength.
		
Click to expand...

Content: Hello 

The country is quite big but maybe we populate or congregate in certain cities. Some countries even have their own INFJ club though not my city.

Content: Hey friends.

I'm at a point right now where I am truly wondering how those of you INFJs fortunate enough to find yourself in fulfilling relationships managed to luck out as you did?

I ask this because it seems that I/we are so difficult to "match" with another that we happen to care for. Perhaps it's just me..

I've found that few individuals I've fallen for in my life, I've just been too much too handle. Or just a bit too passionate. Never intentionally, but my care for someone once feelings are realized just goes from 10 to 100 very quickly, without much in between, and once it's there it's hard to conceal. I want to make that person feel special and appreciated. Although I don't admit it, internally I become idealistic about what we can be/become. It begins like a dream of sorts, and then it very slowly, and then very quickly becomes a nightmare, because that person has historically always pulled away when they realize this, rather than embraced it. My fear of rejection kicks in when intuition says it's taken a turn for the worst, and it just does not end well. It's a cycle that's repeated, less and less frequently, but in much more painful ways each time. And my hope for things dwindles to the point of just wanting to surrender my heart on a plate. Each time a very different kind of person, but the same end result. No matter the approach. Things just haven't "clicked" on both ends.

On top of this.. I've never had anyone (that I've noticed) full on pursue me, not since I was young. Nobody that's cared to the point that I could feel and sense it. I've historically had a couple of crushes cautiously reciprocate interest until in due time it's diminished. But I've never been made to feel like anyone's number one, like I could walk away and they would follow me. I don't expect the intensity I will sometimes give, but I'd hope for something more, and in my 25+ years it's never come. I've always been the one leaving the door open, hoping. And after everything falls apart, I'm the one making some plea that they don't walk away. But they always do. And it destroys my world inside.

I can't even listen to comments like "keep your chin up", "you deserve someone great", because at this point it feels almost cruel. Like I'm being mocked. See, it's not an easy thing any more. It affects your perception of self-worth and makes you question it, no matter how much you fight it. Each time the other person walks away, when they meant the world to you, and you loved them unconditionally. It's even more brutal when they said that everything you gave to them was everything they wanted from a guy. I can't tell you how much that affects you, especially this far into life, when all you want is your life story to start to be something normal. Something that invokes a smile, instead of a sorrowful and confused look. When you have such a reservoir of love and care, and nowhere to put it...your life is like an equation that just doesn't add up. Things you see in the movies, where a happy coincidence turns into someone who changes your life forever. That shit doesn't happen. Not for me. I've been more alone than I'd ever wish on anyone. People don't drop in to save the day, or just sit with me, take my hand when I feel I have nothing. It's a one man battle.

I have a family that doesn't get me, and has always severely under appreciated my views or my contributions. So I've always fended for myself in a way. I've had no one on my team, who's believed in me and loved me for who I am, to this day. It's all I've ever wanted. And after being so optimistic in all my time growing up that everyone deserves and is destined to meet their happiness at some point, whatever that may be, I'm having my doubts that it will happen. I just don't see it. It's cold and bleak, and lonely. And I don't know what to do anymore. Dating sites, all that crap, it feels fruitless and it normally is, because that small talk, coming onto strangers is awkward and unnatural to us. I/we don't work that way. And the real world is full of people cautious and unwilling to find out what you're all about, because you don't exude that social prowess or outward charisma that will get them out of their seat for you. Establishing new social connections is an extremely difficult process, and no one usually cares enough to walk through all those lengthy steps. There's just no one walking through that door and I'm not sure there ever will be.

Can anyone relate?

Content: hi everyone. I used to post on here a long time ago. great that the place is still around. even the poem thread still exists. cool.

I have cptsd. I go to therapy, I'm doing the work, and I am getting better. A lot. And have, for awhile.

Recently I wanted to look up an infj personality profile again, because of a conversation I was having with someone about the decade of recovery work I had been doing, which started with the myers briggs. I had gotten out of a bad situation, and maybe I just really needed to feel seen at the time, but I remember sobbing reading the infj profile for the first time.

Reading it again, over 10 years later, I had a very different reaction. It felt like they were describing the coping mechanism of people that experienced prolonged trauma in a situation they cannot escape from. It felt like the personality that is being described is that of unrecognized trauma, because I recognize that person as the traumatized Labor of Love who didn't yet know how to deal with all these feelings and experiences he was having, and who didn't have a context to make sense of them, yet.

So, I got curious. I'm going to post the list of traits of Adult Children of Alcoholics and Dysfunctional Families, and I'm wondering if any of you guys resonate with it.


The Laundry List – 14 Traits of an Adult Child of an Alcoholic or Dysfunctional Family

We became isolated and afraid of people and authority figures.
We became approval seekers and lost our identity in the process.
We are frightened by angry people and any personal criticism.
We either become alcoholics, marry them or both, or find another compulsive personality such as a workaholic to fulfill our sick abandonment needs.
We live life from the viewpoint of victims and we are attracted by that weakness in our love and friendship relationships.
We have an overdeveloped sense of responsibility and it is easier for us to be concerned with others rather than ourselves; this enables us not to look too closely at our own faults, etc.
We get guilt feelings when we stand up for ourselves instead of giving in to others.
We became addicted to excitement.
We confuse love and pity and tend to “love” people we can “pity” and “rescue.”
We have “stuffed” our feelings from our traumatic childhoods and have lost the ability to feel or express our feelings because it hurts so much (Denial).
We judge ourselves harshly and have a very low sense of self-esteem.
We are dependent personalities who are terrified of abandonment and will do anything to hold on to a relationship in order not to experience painful abandonment feelings, which we received from living with sick people who were never there emotionally for us.
Alcoholism is a family disease; and we became para-alcoholics and took on the characteristics of that disease even though we did not pick up the drink.
Para-alcoholics are reactors rather than actors.
Tony A., 1978

Content: I'm going to get roasted, but here we go.
25 yr. relationship and marriage to INFJ which I totally damaged by being insensitive, blind, uncaring, lacked understanding, selfish, and entitled. Just to name a few. I was largely oblivious to who she really was as a person.
She tried the first decade for harmony and equality, accommodation, recognition and more.
Slowly she closed off and distanced for the next decade just to keep family together and keep peace, avoid stress and conflict. For several years now she contemplated leaving. Only recently after I had a breakthrough and saw myself as being the reason for most of the unhappiness did I realize who she was and what I had missed and done to her and our marriage. I was profoundly sorry and regretful. I owned it all.
A few weeks later she asked for a separation.
I also was aware of her new platonic relationship with her boss, mentor, friend, confidant. They relate on multiple levels, particularly communication, interests, humor and profession. He's even more introverted.
We've reconciled. I can't believe it. Still living together and in counseling. I'm the luckiest man on the planet, to get another chance with her. I've learned an immense amount about her that I'd totally missed or never looked for in the past. I get and see and understand her like I never had before. I now love and care for her multiple times more and it is the most beautiful, intriguing, attractive, heartwarming feeling I could imagine.
She actually came back into our marriage and has turned towards me.
I'm ecstatic. I've changed multiple things about myself and how I acted with her. I want this relationship, love and marriage more than anything.
She also has not changed any of her incessant engagement with her boss after hours, regardless of how I've felt about it. She engages with him morning and night, whether I'm there or not. She seeks out interests of his and shares interests of hers.
I trust her. Unconditionally.
He has a history of infidelity, with a previous subordinate in her current role. I know he cares deeply for her and is likely in love with her. She has not engaged generally like that with him, but I know his intentions are to have a relationship with her if she allowed it, even with her marriage. She has said multiple times that I have nothing to worry about. I know she won't have a physical relationship with him if she is still in her marriage. He's not aware of our situation, but obviously as an intuitive, sees her needs clearly.

We are planning trips and a future with our growing family of grandchildren

What can I do to protect her from him?
What can I do to protect myself?
How can this possibly play out?
I'm intimidated and feel inadequate.
I probably deserve it all.
I'm so regretful that this happened to her, to us. She deserved a better marriage, I'm going to try and give it to her now, for the rest of my life.

Content: I don’t really know how to cope. The world seems so dark currently. I am trying to see the world in a good light. But to do so, I always have to walk an extra mile. It’s not my standard mode to see things in a good way because there is a body you have to take care of. There is illness in the world and flesh. There are adorable puppies who have to die soon. I don’t like to think of the cold. Even animals enjoy to bath in the sun with a comforted look in their faces and still struggle in the freezing months. I wish the world was soaked in lightness. Someone somewhere dies yet again. I just struggle to integrate those dark things into a full circle of good world view. It’s just too much. I know, being human means having to come to terms with this. I have to accept that I am what I am. A biological being. I feel like a soul that has woken up under the wrong circumstances, in a hard body and world. It has its needs and it is somewhat disruptive to nourish it. Maybe now there is a reason to like summer more.

Content: INFJ Male Dating INTJ Female... Any Advice?

